Last thing, I am far less a master of
Postgres Ops, but I just wanna talk
a little bit about, they also have
the idea of primary and secondary.
Where you have a primary
database that's then
replicated out to secondary databases.
Due to historical nature, this is
frequently called master and slave,
this is not the preferred
terminology anymore.
I simply inform you that,
that's what it's called.
So that when you read old
documentation that you can map that
to the new terminology,
primary and secondary.
I definitely wouldn't invite
you to use that terminology.
In fact,
if you go look through Postgres's docs,
they've actually removed
slave everywhere from it.
So, sometimes it's still called master,
like Mongo this has a replication strategy
of having primaries and secondaries.
And you can write to the primaries,
you can read from the secondaries.
If you wannna learn more,
I left a link in there we can go read
more about how to administrate Postgres.
This isn't people's entire jobs, DBAs,
database administrators or
database architects.
So I'm not gonna do them a disservice and
try and
explain their job when they don't truly
understand everything that goes into it.
I think the last thing that's worth
mentioning is, we played it pretty fast
and loose with users and
passwords and that kind of stuff.
Don't do that in production, have one
user tied to one service so that for
example, if you lose all the source code,
and if you lose one of the passwords.
You can just invalidate part, like one
user, but only had access to one database
as opposed to having to invalidate
everything, everywhere.
It's good to have multiple users and
have the least amount of
like right privilege as possible,
yeah, scoped access.
And yeah, I think that's really everything
that you shouldn't have to worry about
with Postgres from
a developer's perspective.
For the most part,
you just need a connection string,
that you're going to use
to connect to Postgres.